Title: 2606.31605v1.pdf

URL Source: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2606.31605v1

Published Time: Wed, 01 Jul 2026 01:07:08 GMT

Number of Pages: 46

Markdown Content:
S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 1

# Accelerated development of amorphous InZnO thin films as 

# transparent conductive Cu diffusion barriers 

Stefanie Frick 1, Reyu Sakakibara 2, Manuel Kober -Czerny 1, Arnold Müller 3, Miloš Baljozović 1,4 , Franz -Josef 

Haug 2, Sebastian Siol 1*  

> 1

Empa, Swiss Federal Laboratories for Materials Science and Technology, Dübendorf, Switzerland  

> 2

Institute of Microengineering (IMT), Photovoltaics and Thin -Film Electronics Laboratory,  É cole Polytechnique F é dé rale 

de Lausanne (EPFL), Neuch â tel, Switzerland  

> 3

Laboratory of Ion Beam Physics, ETH Zurich, Zürich, Switzerland  

> 4

Department of Chemistry, Marburg University, Marburg, Germany 

* Corresponding author: 

Sebastian Siol,  Sebastian.Siol@empa.ch S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 2

Abstract 

In light of the increasing supply chain concerns regarding silver for solar cell metallization, the replacement of 

the silver contacts by copper is desirable. As copper diffuses readily in silicon, deposition of an additional 

diffusion barrier to protect the respective absorber material stacks is required. We inv estigate multifunctional 

layers of transparent conductive oxides (TCOs) from the In -Zn -O system to serve as front electrode and Cu 

diffusion barrier coating, focusing on purely amorphous layers without grain boundaries to imp ede copper 

diffusion. We employ a 2D combinatorial approach to simultaneously screen the Zn/(In+Zn) ratio and the 

oxygen content in a single materials library deposited by magnetron sputtering without intentional substrate 

heating. Cu diffusion barrier performance was evaluated by depositing Cu on top of intentionally ultrathin In -

Zn -O libraries of 7±1 nm on silicon wafers and annealing them at temperatures of 200 -450°C . Both the 

formation of copper silicides, as well as the silicon photoluminescence signal were monitored. The first was 

detected only after the crystallization of the In -Zn -O films and required annealing temperatures of 450°C and 

above. Even for extended dwell times of 20 h at a relevant process temperature of 200°C , we find no evidence 

of Cu ingress for most of our fabricated In -Zn -O compositions, whereas Si|Cu stacks without In -Zn -O barriers 

showed a reduction of their photo -luminescence intensity already after less than 1 h . These results suggest 

thin amorphous In -Zn -O films with an optimal Zn/(In+Zn) ratio of ~0.12 and intermediate oxygen deficiency 

as effective transparent conductive Cu diffusion barriers for solar cell applications. 

Keywords: amorphous TCO, IZO, combinatorial screening, Cu diffusion barrier, multifunctional 

Impact statement 

This work provides insights into the compositional dependenc ies of the In -Zn -O system on the applicability as 

multifunctional transparent conductive Cu diffusion barrier by introducing an innovative combinatorial 

approach to significantly accelerate TCO screening .S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 3

# 1. Introduction 

Photovoltaics (PV) is one of the key technologies to mee t the global energy demands though renewable 

sources with projections indicating a required increase surpassing a factor of 10 in the next decades [1] . In 

state -of -the art solar cells , silver currently dominates as metal contact. However, s ilver has been identified as a 

critical raw material for the future growth in photovoltaic installations. While already more than 10% of the 

global supply of silver in 2020 was employed in the metallization of solar cells [2] , its annual demand is pro-

jected to increase to more than 20% in 2027 [3] and above 50% in 2050 [4] . It is t herefore reasonable to expect 

a strong competition between PV and other crucial application s, including medicine, fo r the available silver 

resources . Next to research concerning the optimization of the silver metallization process to reduce the re-

quired amount per module , the substitution of silver by copper is a promising approach to mitigate this supply 

chain risk . The utilization of copper entails a challenge due to its highly diffusive nature [5] , which necessitates 

a diffusion barrier between the copper metal contact and the PV absorber to prevent device degradation e.g. ,

by forming deep acceptor states [6] . In order to reduce the number of processing steps and the associated 

costs, it would be optimal if the transparent conductive electrode, which is required in many solar cell technol-

ogies, could additionally serve as a Cu diffusion barrier. A few reports show selected compositions of transpar-

ent conductive oxides (TCO) films used as Cu diffusion barriers, e.g. , indium tin oxide (ITO ) [7 –10] , tungsten 

doped indium oxide ( IWO ) [11,12] , aluminum doped zinc oxide ( AZO ) [13] and tantalum doped tin oxide 

(TTO ) [14] . However, a systematic study on the dependence of the diffusion barrier performance on the TCO 

stoichiometry is lacking in the current literature to the best of our knowledge. Amorphous thin films exhibit 

superior diffusion barrier performances compared to their polycrystalline counterparts due to the absence of 

grain boundaries, which act as fast diffusion pathways [15,16] . In contrast to covalent materials such as silicon, 

amorphous oxides with large metal s -orbitals forming the bottom of the conduction band have been shown 

to exhibit electron mobilities com petitive with crystalline TCOs [17,18] . The In -Zn -O (IZO) system has been 

reported to possess a broad compositional range with a stable amorphous phase [19,20] and additionally ex-

hibits higher crystallization temperatures than amorphous indium tin or gallium oxide [21] . Therefore, the In -

Zn -O system has a high potential to be applicable as transparent conductive Cu diffusion barriers. 

In this study, we perform a co -optimization of electrical and optical properties along with the Cu diffusion 

barrier performance of In -Zn -O thin films in the compositional space. While early development of transparent 

conductive In -Zn -O coatings has been accelerated by combinatorial screening of the Zn/(In+Zn) ratio [19,20] ,

we adapted a recently developed combinatorial approach [22] to enable the screening of cation and oxygen 

content simultaneously. This approach allowe d for the identification of the compositional range with the high-

est conductivity (2.5∙10 3 S/cm), as well as the oxygen content range necessary for high transmittance on a 

single materials library . Cu diffusion barrier performance was studied by annealing of thin IZO combinatorial 

libraries (~7±1 nm) deposited on silicon substrates and capped by Cu pads . The low thickness was intentionally 

chosen to enable an acceleration of the testing procedure . Monitoring the formation of copper silicides via X -

ray diffraction (XRD) required annealing temperatures above the crystallization temperature of the IZO films. 

More sensitive barrier failure tests on equivalent IZO |Cu stacks on Si(n)|SiO x|poly -Si(n) passivating contact 

stacks were performed by monitoring the decay of the photoluminescence (PL) signal as a measure for barrier S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 4

failure . This method revealed that IZO films with sufficient oxygen content exhibit no indication for barrier 

failure after 20 h at 200°C , a typical temperature for curing treatments during the subsequent metallization 

process for Silicon Heterojunction solar cells [23] . Our study demonstrates that IZO thin films are suitable trans-

parent conductive Cu diffusion barrier s for solar cell applications over a broad compositional range .

# 2. Materials and methods 

## 2.1. Thin film deposit ion 

Combinatorial libraries were deposited in an AJA ATC -1500 sputter tool with a confocal sputter -up geometry .

A 2-dimensional combinatorial approach was employed, which involves co -sputtering from four sputter targets 

simultaneously on a static substrate (i.e. , without rotation ) at oblique deposition angles as depicted in  Fig. 1a.

The following targets with 2" diameter were used: In (99.9 9% purity, HMW Hauner GmbH & Co. KG ), Zn 

(99.9 95% purity, HMW Hauner GmbH & Co. KG ), In 2O3 (99.99% purity, Plasmaterials, bonded) and ZnO (99.99% 

purity, Plasmaterials, bonded). An open -field magnetic configuration was used for the four unbalanced mag-

netrons. Metal targets were sputtered with direct current magnetron sputtering (DCMS), while radio -frequency 

magnetron sputtering (RFMS) was applied to the oxide targets. To obtain the desired compositional spreads, 

powers of 50 W, 40 W, 10 W and 5 W were set for the In 2O3, ZnO, In and Zn targets respectivel y. The deposi-

tions were performed without intentional heating of the substrate s, using a grounded substrate holder and at 

a pressure of 5. 2±0.2 μbar (chamber base pressure before start of deposition < 5∙10 -8 mbar). Both gas inlets of 

Ar (flow of 20 sccm, 99.999% purity) and O 2 (flow of 0.25 -0.5 sccm, 99.999% purity ) were located at the chamber 

bottom to ensure a homogeneous gas distribution in the deposition chamber. Three different substrate types 

were used: Corning® EAGLE XG® substrates ( 50.8 mm x 50.8 mm , 1.1 mm thick) for electrical and optical char-

acterization, as well as commercial silicon wafer s (50.8 mm x 50.8 mm , 0.65 mm thick , Micro precision engi-

neering ), and passivated silicon wafer s for Cu diffusion barrier testing (5 0.0 mm x 50.0 mm, 0.2 mm thick ). The 

passivated silicon wafer samples consist ed of flat crystalline silicon wafers with SiO x|poly -Si(n) passivating con-

tact stacks on both sides . The respective fabrication procedure , as visualized in Fig. S1, is similar to that de-

scribed in Ref. [24] . Prior to the introduction into the vacuum system, the EXG and the commercial Si substrates 

were cleaned with acetone and ethanol for each 10 min in an ultrasonic bath. Moreover, an RF sputter cleaning 

of both substrate types was performed to remove organic adsorbates (3 min at 100V (7 -8 W) for EXG sub-

strates) followed by target pre -sputter cleaning in pure Ar (16 min) and target poisoning in the respective 

deposition atmosphere (4 min). To remove the SiO 2 layer of the commercial Si wafer, which itself can act as a 

diffusion barrier, a more intense RF plasma cleaning of 20 min at 30 W was applied. The deposition time for 

libraries on EXG substrates was 15 min yielding typical thickness values between 90 and 120 nm, while the 

deposition time on commercial and passivated Si wafers w as decreased to 1 min to reduce the required diffu-

sion length (7±1 nm) and therefore the time required for the barrier testing procedures. S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 5

## 2.2. Characterization 

The deposited thin film materials libraries were characterized with high -throughput methods on 45 pre -defined 

sample points. 

X-ray fluorescence spectroscopy (XRF) was conducted on a Fischer XRF XDV SDD with 50 kV beam voltage for 

3 min per sample to obtain cation composition and film thickness . The thickness determination was calibrated 

with profilometer measurements (Bruker DektakXT, 2 μm tip radius, 5 mg, 33 μm/s scan speed) on thin film 

samples of pure In 2O3 and ZnO. 

A selected combinatorial library on an EXG substrate was transferred via a mobile UHV transfer cart between 

the deposition chamber and an X -ray photoelectron spectroscope (XPS PHI Quantera), without breaking the 

vacuum (highest pressure during transfer was 8 ∙10 -8 mbar) to minimize the amount of hydroxide adsorbates 

which impedes the quantification of the oxygen content in the thin film samples . Survey and core level spectra 

of In 3d, Zn 2p 3/2 and O 1s as well as the In MNN, Zn LMM and O KLL Auger lines and the valence band region 

were recorded with monochromatized Al Kα excitation operating at 32 W and 15 kV with a beam diameter of 

200 μm in a chamber with pressure below 5∙10 -9 mbar . Due to the high conductivity of the thin film samples, 

no charge compensation via neutralizers was applied. An overview of the detailed measurement settings is 

given in the Supplementary Information (Tab. S1) .

To obtain reliable Zn /(I n+Zn) and O/(In+Zn +O ) ratios as well as H contents , Heavy Ion Time -of -flight elastic 

recoil detection analysis (HI -ERDA) and Rutherford backscattering spectrometry (RBS) w ere performed in the 

Laboratory of Ion Beam Physics at ETH Zurich on selected sample positions [25] . The HI -ERDA measurements 

employed a 13 MeV 127 I beam with a total scattering angle of 36° and the RBS measurements a 2 MeV He 

under a tilt angle of 7° . RBS spectra were simulated with SIMNRA [26] and the HI -ERDA results were analyzed 

with the Potku software [27] .

Sheet resistance measurements were performed on a home -built automated 4 -point -probe station equipped 

with a SP -40045TFQ probe head from Microworld (1 mm probe spacing, 125 μm tip radius, 45 mg pressure) 

and a Thorlabs LTS300 biaxial stepper motor stage . More details on the setup have been published else-

where [28] . Sheet resistance values were obtained by a linear fit of the nine current voltage pairs, sweeping 

from -10 μA to 10 μA with a measurement time of 200 ms per current value. 

Hall effect measurements were performed on a Manual Hall Effect System from Microworld ( HMS3000 -

EVM100N2R ) for s elected material libraries on EXG . A current of 0.5 mA and a magnetic field of 0.580 T were 

used. Prior to the measurement, 100 nm thick contacts of platinum were deposited onto the IZO libraries, and 

subsequently, the libraries were cut into 25 pieces with a size of approximately 1 cm x 1 cm. 

Transmission and reflection spectra of the materials libraries were recorded in the UV -vis -NIR spectral range 

(200 -1100 nm) in a home -built setup. The setup was equipped with two Ocean Optics HR4Pro XR -ES CCD 

detectors and an Ocean Optics DH -2000 -BAL Deuterium -Halogen light source . A utomated mapping at the 

different sample positions is enabled by the usage of a Thorlabs LTS300 biaxial stepper motor stage , which 

moves the sample through the < 2mm 2 beam path, while the optics remain fixed. More information on the S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 6

setup has been reported in [29] . An integration time of 10 μs per scan and 18000 scans per sample yielded a 

total measurement time of 3 min per sample .

Information on the structure of the IZO thin film samples was obtained by X -ray diffraction (XRD) measure-

ments in a Bruker D8 Discover 4 -circle goniometer setup equipped with a Cu Kα source and a 2D X -ray detector 

Eiger (De ctris ). The measurements were performed in a 1D mode at 2 Θ angles between 10° and 90° with a n

integration time of 0.5 s/step and a step width of 0.05°/step. 

## 2. 3. Cu diffusion barrier performance 

Two different Cu diffusion barrier performance testing methods were investigated, which are illustrated in 

Fig. S2. In both cases, the samples were annealed in inert atmosphere – to prevent Cu oxidation – at different 

temperatures and durations. Cu diffusion was monitored in Si|IZO|Cu, Si(n)|SiOx|poly -Si|IZO|Cu, as well as ref-

erence Si|Cu and Si(n)|SiOx|poly -Si|Cu stack s using the characterizations described below. Both procedures 

involved a sequence of annealing steps in inert atmosphere – to prevent Cu ox idation – of the above -described 

Si| IZO| Cu & Si(n)|SiO x|poly -Si(n)|IZO| Cu libraries, followed by monitoring characterization step s. For both pro-

cedures, a reference stack without IZO diffusion barrier (Cu|Si) was tested as well. 

The first procedure is based on monitoring copper silicide formation via XRD. The annealing steps were per-

formed in the UHV deposition chamber for 12 h at calibrated temperatures between 300°C and 450°C. As long 

as no copper silicides were detected in the subsequent XRD measurement, the Si|IZO|Cu stack was annealed 

at the next higher temperature proceeding in steps of 50°C. 

Time -of -flight secondary ion mass spectrometry (ToF -SIMS) was performed using a ToF -SIMS 5 system from 

IONTOF GmBH . Si|IZO|Cu stacks with three selected IZO compositions after the annealing step at 450°C and 

one sample before annealing were analyzed . Depth profiling was performed using consecutive cycles of sput-

tering and analysis overlaid at the same area . A 25 kV and 0.4 pA Bi + primary ion beam rastered over 200 μm 

x 200 μm was employed for analysis after each O2+ (1 kV, 273 nA) sputtering cycle rastered over 500 μm x 500 

μm .

The second procedure followed a similar scheme, but monitoring the decay in photoluminescence (PL) signal 

of the passivated silicon wafer, on which the IZO |Cu library stack had been deposited. The annealing was per-

formed on a hot plate in a glove box (<0.5 ppm O 2, <0.9 ppm H 2O) at 200°C to prevent crystallization of the 

IZO barrier and avoid Cu oxidation . A homebuilt PL imaging setup was employed to map the PL signal of the 

wafer : A defocused 808 nm Ostech LASER excited the area of the library, while PL was detected by a silicon -

based camera ( PIXIS from Princeton Instruments ). 

To confirm the Si PL signal being responsible for variations observed during PL imaging, PL spectroscopy was 

performed on a MonoVista CRS+ Raman setup from Spectroscopy & Imaging GmbH on selected Si|IZO|Cu 

library positions and the Si| Cu reference. A 514 nm Laser as well as an acquisition time of 6 x 10 s wa s chosen 

to account for high carrier lifetimes. S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 7

# 3. Results and discussion 

## 3.1 Approach for orthogonal cation and oxygen gradients 

Fig. 1. Approach to obtain cation and oxygen content gradients on one combinatorial librar y: (a) Sketch of the 

sputter configuration, ( b) Zn/(In+Zn) spread calibrated by RBS measurements , (c) surface oxygen composition 

after a UHV transfer between deposition chamber and XPS as a function of the position on the 50.8 mm x 50.8 

mm library and (d) the covered 2D area in composition space .

Typical tests for Cu diffusion barrier performance involve multiple steps of annealing and structural and/or 

electrical characterization, which is inherently time consuming. Since both cation composition and oxygen stoi-

chiometry critically influence the lo cal and medium -range structure of amorphous TCOs – and consequently 

their electrical and optical properties – [21,30,31] , a large number of samples with various stoichiometries has 

to be tested. To accelerate this process, combinatorial magnetron sputtering is a valuable tool, since it allows 

for the preparation of thin films with compositional gradients during a single dep osition process. For this work, 

we adapted a recently developed 2D combinatorial approach for screening simultaneously cation and light 

anion composition [22] , which allowed us to screen a wide range in Zn/(In+Zn) ratio and oxygen content on 

one library. In  Fig. 1a, a schematic sketch of the employed magnetron co -sputtering setup is displayed. The 

symmetric arrangement of the In, Zn, ZnO and In 2O3 targets produce a gradient in Zn/(In+Zn) ratio from left 

to right, while a gradient of oxygen species arrives at the substrate from the bottom to the top of the substrate S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 8

in the sketch. In previous work from our group on oxynitrides, we found that the largest spread in anion com-

position is obtained, if no O 2 gas is fed into the deposition chamber [22] , i.e. when the deposition is performed 

in a pure Ar atmosphere. Due to the minute non -stoichiometry in oxygen content required to drastically change 

the electrical and optical properties, combined with the high deposition rates of the metal targets in metallic 

mode compared to the oxide targets, a small flow of O 2 gas was necessary to obtain material libraries with 

sufficient transmittance. A series of libraries with different O 2 gas flows are presented in Fig. S 3, including the 

effect on visual appearance and electrical properties. 

Several characterization methods allow for the quantification of the cation gradient of such obtained libraries .

Due to its high speed in acquisition and analysis , XRF was applied to all materials libraries to determine the 

Zn/(In+Zn) ratio. In order to increase the accuracy of such obtained cation composition, few libraries were 

investigated with XPS and 15 points on one material library with RBS and ERDA. The corresponding calibration 

curves can be found in Fig. S4. A typical Zn/(In+Zn) spread achieved on the 2" x 2" libraries is 0. 10 – 0.4 3 (see 

Fig. 1b).

The quantification of the gradient in oxygen content, however, poses a considerable challenge. As visualized 

in Fig. S 5, both RBS and ERDA show the expected reduction of the oxygen content with increasing Zn/(In+Zn) 

ratio. Moreover, the RBS measurements yield oxygen concentrations close to the stoichiometric composition 

expected for the respective Zn/(In+Zn) ratios. Contra rily, no significant trend in off -stoichiometry along the y 

dimension of the library is measurable for neither the current RBS nor ERDA r esults. Similarly, the quantification 

of the oxygen gradient of the library using XPS after exposure to air is corroborated by the presence of ad-

sorbates on the surface ( see Fig S 6 and Fig. S 7), which are likely related to hydroxide species (binding energy 

~532 eV [32] ). Trials of fitting both O 1s components and including on ly the metal oxide related component 

led to a correction in the direction of the expected trend . The cleanest gradient in oxygen concentration was ,

however, obtained by XPS after a UHV transfer between deposition chamber and XPS and is displayed in  Fig. 

1c. While for the lower oxygen contents a steady increase is apparent, it potentially flattens out for higher 

oxygen contents. The reader's attention may be drawn to the absolute values of the oxygen content which are 

lower than expected . This has been reported for XPS measurements on UHV transferred Sn doped In 2O3 as 

well and has been attributed to inaccuracies in the employed sensitivity factors [33] . By combining the obtained 

Zn/(In+Zn) ratio and oxygen content,  Fig. 1d visualizes the 2 -dimensional composition space covered by the 

one combinatorial deposition. 

While the XPS measurements after air exposure as well as the ERDA and RBS measurements do not enable 

direct quantification of the gradient in oxygen non -stoichiometry, they may provide indirect indications for the 

presence of such gradient. As displayed in Fig. S 5c, the proportion of the fitted O 1s adsorbate component 

present s an approximately linear increase in the direction of lower expected oxygen contents. This trend . might 

relate to a larger number of oxygen deficient surface sites, which can be occup ied by hydroxide species. Addi-

tionally, the hydrogen content as determined from ERDA increases approximately linearly with de creasing ex-

pected oxygen content as well ( see Fig. S5d). This gradient might be caused by a less dense structure as re-

ported by Koida et al. for preparations with lower oxygen contents [34] . Alternatively, ab initio calculations 

suggest the passivation of undercoordinated In atoms by hydrogen, leading to potentially higher hydrogen S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 9

contents in case of more oxygen -deficient samples [35,36] . Due to inherently difficult quantification of oxygen 

off -stoichiometry , the y position on the material libraries is indicated as a proxy for the oxygen content in the 

following figures .

## 3.2 Optical, electrical and structural characterization 

3.2.1 Structural screening 

Fig. 2. Structural screening of the In -Zn -O-vO thin film library samples based on X -ray diffraction . The 

Zn/(In+Zn) ratio is indicated as a color code. The oxygen content of the samples increases from the lowest (a) 

over intermediate (b) to the highest (c). A reference diffraction pattern from the ICSD database of bixbyite In 2O3

is shown in grey [37] .

XRD mapping was performed to investigate the composition dependence of the long -range structure of the 

IZO libraries. In  Fig. 2, the diffraction patterns of the samples with different oxygen contents and Zn/(In+Zn) 

ratios are displayed. Besides the amorphous humps related to the EXG substrate, most of the compositions 

show a hump at 2 Θ angles around 31 -32° as a sole feature, which has been reported in previous studies for X -

ray amorphous IZO thin films [19,38] . Nano -crystalline regions with sizes below the detection limit of the XRD 

mapping may be present as it has been found in X -ray amorphous indium oxide films deposited at ≤ 0°C with 

PLD [39] . Only the sample positions which combine a low Zn/(In+Zn) ratio as well as a low oxygen deficiency 

exhibit clear crystalline features attributed to the bixbyite I n2O3 structure. Possessing a preferential (222) ori-

entation, the reflection s show a shift towards lower 2Θ angles compared to pure I n2O3, hence an increased 

lattice constant. Although this observation appears counterintuitive given the smaller ionic radius of Zn 2+ com-

pared to In 3+ [40] , it has been reported previously for as deposited IZO thin films [20] . The comparison of the 

diffractograms in  Fig. 2 indicates that the Zn/(In+Zn) composition , at which the transition between X -ray amor-

phous and crystalline occurs , depends on the oxygen stoichiometry : For the highest oxygen contents the tran-

sition occurs Zn/(In+Zn) ≤ 0.13, for intermediate oxygen contents the onset is shifted below 0.1 and for the 

lowest oxygen contents crystallization is not observed for any Zn/(In+Zn) ratios covered by the presented S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 10 

library . An additional parameter, which is known to reduce the Zn/(In+Zn) ratio , at which the transition occurs 

and consequently broaden the amorphous phase space, is low deposition temperature [38] .

3.2. 2 Electrical properties 

Fig. 3. Electrical property screening for the In -Zn -O-vO thin film librar y displayed in  Fig. 2 based on 

4-point -probe measurements for conductivity (a,b) and Hall -effect measurements for charge carrier 

density n and mobility μ (c -e). The dashed red region in (a) indicates the compositional regions with 

conductivities above 2∙10 3 S/cm .

The electrical conductivity maps of the IZO library presented in  Fig. 3a,b showcase the potential of the 2D 

combinatorial approach for accelerated property optimization. The 2D combinatorial approach allows for the 

determination of the maximum conductivity achievable for a given set of process parameters in both cation 

and anion compositional space simultaneously on the same substrate. The conductivity increases steadily with S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 11 

decreasing Zn content reaching a maximum followed by a steep drop for the lowest Zn/(In+Zn) ratio, while the 

oxygen stoichiometry imposes an additional increase of the conductivity from high to intermediate and a sub-

sequent decrease for low oxygen contents . The superposition of both effects yields a global conductivity max-

imum of 2.48 ∙10 3 S/cm for a Zn/(In+Zn) ratio of 0.11, while the optimal Zn/(In+Zn) ratio seems to slightly in-

crease for non -optimized oxygen contents. To dive deeper into its origin, Hall effect measurements were per-

formed on the library and presented in  Fig. 3c-e. Since the Hall effect samples are of the size of ~1x1 cm 2, the 

absolute values are to be understood as averages over a certain spread in cation content and oxygen stoichi-

ometry . The strongest effects on the Hall effect results are observed by the variation of the oxygen content: 

The concentration of charge carriers shows an approximately linear increase between 1.5 and 5.9 ∙10 20 cm -3 with 

increasing oxygen deficiency. Concurrently, the mobility drops steeply for the highest oxygen deficiency (down 

to 13 cm 2/Vs), while exhibiting a plateau for higher oxygen contents of up to 48 cm 2/Vs. An analogous trend 

as well as comparable absolute values have been reported for PLD grown amorpho us indium oxide as a func-

tion of the oxygen partial pressure and have been compared to ab initio molecular dynamics simulations [21] .

The results of the latter suggest that oxygen deficiency leads to clusters of undercoordinated indium atoms 

which resemble oxygen vacancies in crystalline solids and produce shallow donor states increasing the electron 

density in the conduction band . With increasing oxygen deficiency, highly undercoordinated pairs of indium 

atoms are present which resemble metallic In -In bonds, and which represent deep defect states leading to 

increased scattering and therefore reduced carrier mobility. Regarding the infl uence of the Zn/(In+Zn) ratio, 

zinc substitution has been shown computationally not to be donors in indium based amorphous oxides, but 

instead a small decay in mobility has been suggested [30] . However, the reduction of the carrier concentration 

with increasing Zn/(In+Zn) ratio in this work is more pronounced than the respective change in mobility, similar 

to Ref. [19] . An additional noteworthy result of the Hall effect measurements is the strong drop in mobility for 

the sample with the highest oxygen and lowest zinc content, which is likely related to multi -phase scattering 

in this partially crystalline thin film [21] , potentially due to a band offset at the interface between amorphous 

and crystalline phase [41] .

As a last remark on the influence of stoichiometry on the electrical conductivity, the potential effect of hydro-

gen as detected by ERDA measurement should be discussed. Hydrogen has been demonstrated both experi-

mentally and computationally to act as shallow don ors in crystalline In 2O3 [42,43] . However, ab initio calcula-

tions have predicted that hydrogen itself does not act as a donor in amorphous indium based oxides, but 

indirectly increases the charge carrier density to a minor exten t by passivating undercoordinated In atoms in 

oxygen deficient structures [36] . As discussed above, the hydrogen content in the samples follows the gradient 

in oxygen deficiency over the library. Therefore, it might be tempting to relate the linear increase of the charge 

carrier density to the increase in hydrogen content. Indeed, assuming a density of crystalline In 2O3

(7.12 g/cm 3 [37] ), a hydrogen concentration between approximately 1.5 and 3.9 ∙10 20 atoms/ cm 3 would be pre-

sent, which corresponds to a similar order of magnitude as the determined carrier concentrations. Due to the 

overlaying gradients in oxygen sub -stoichiometry and hydrogen content in the libraries in this work, a disen-

tanglement of both effects on the charge carrier density is consequently not feasible. S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 12 

3.2. 3 Optical properties 

Fig. 4. Optical property screening for In -Zn -O-vO thin film libraries : (a) Visual appearance of the li-

brary presented in  Fig. 2. UV -vis transmission and reflection spectra of the 45 library samples with 

color codes based on (b) the oxygen content and ( c) the Zn/(In+Zn) ratio. The transmission spectrum 

of the glass substrate is shown in grey . ( d) Absorption coefficient averaged between 380 nm and 

1100 nm and (e) optical band gap determined by Tauc analysis with an exponent of x = 2 as a func-

tion of Zn/(In+Zn) ratio and oxygen content . The blue dashed region in (d) indicates compositions 

with averaged absorption coefficients below 5∙10 3 cm -1.

Fig. 4a shows the photograph of a representative material library . On a single substrate, the limit in oxygen 

deficiency being applicable as TCO can be determined indicated by an increase in absorptance observable as 

a brown hue of the IZO film . Respective UV -vis transmission and reflection spectra are present in  Fig. 4b, c as S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 13 

a function of the oxygen content and the Zn/(In+Zn) ratio . The thereof calculated absorption coefficient spectra 

are displayed in Fig. S 8. The spectrally averaged absorption coefficient quantifies the visual impression in a 

scalar value instrumental for the following co -optimization. While the absorption coefficient is mainly governed 

by oxygen content, an increase of the Zn/(In+Zn) ratio is accompanied by a slight increase in case of lower 

oxygen contents and a decrease for higher oxygen contents which exh ibit crystalline reflections in XRD. The 

calculated weighed absorptance as a more device -relevant parameter shows the same trends ( for more details 

see Fig. S 9). The parasitic absorption could be related to different phenomena such as absorption or scattering 

of metallic inclusions [44] . However, neither Zn or In related reflections in XRD were detected nor the develop-

ment of a component at lower binding energies in the Zn 2p or In 3d spectra were observed in XPS (even for 

the library transferred in UHV), which would provide proofs for the presence of such metallic inclusions. Ab 

initio molecular dynamics simulations by Medvedeva et al. reveal that under -coordinated In atoms in highly 

oxygen -deficient amorphous indium oxide create deep trap states, which leads to absorption in the visible 

range [21] . Fig. S1 0a visualizes the correlation between increased sub -bandgap absorption and decrease in 

charge carrier mobility, suggesting a common origin of both phenomena. 

Bandgap determination in amorphous TCOs has been previously performed by applying the Tauc analysis [45] 

for direct band gap semiconductors [46,47] . However, the choice of a linear slope region in the plots of  (𝛼 ℎ𝜈 )1

> 𝑥

vs.  ℎ𝜈  with  𝑥 = 1 

> 2

(see Fig. S11) is not unambiguous . Moreover, the significant sub -bandgap absorption of the 

most oxygen deficient compositions poses a further challenge to the reliable application of the Tauc analysis. 

Therefore, four different methods were applied to determine the optical gap from the absorption spectra :

Automated Tauc analysis for a (i) direct ( 𝑥 = 1

> 2

) and (ii) in direct transition ( 𝑥 = 2) using the published code from 

Suram, Newhouse and Gregoire [48] , (iii) the maximum in the second derivative of the absorption coefficient 

indicating the onset of its steep rise , as well as (iv) a set threshold value on the slope of the absorption coeffi-

cient. The resulting optical bandgaps for the different methods as a function of the film compositions are 

compared in Fig . S1 2. All four methods exhibit an approximately linear decrease in the optical bandgap with 

increasing oxygen content. However, the subtle influence of the Zn/(In+Zn) varies between the different 

mea sures for the optical gap. Therefore, the correlations between the different proxies for the optical gap and 

the charge carrier density as obtained by Hall effect measurements reproduce a Burnstein -Moss shift [49,50] 

of the optical gap upon increase of charge carrier density with different quality ( see Fig. S1 0b-e). Moreover, 

the absolute values exhibit a significant spread from 2.6 eV for the indirect Tauc gap to 3.7 eV for the direct 

Tauc gap and intermediate energies for the measures of the absorption onset . A comparison with the XPS 

binding energy difference between valence band and Fermi level revealed the strongest agreement with the 

indirect Tauc gaps. Therefore, the dependence of the indirect Tauc band gap on the cation and oxygen com-

position is selected to be displayed in  Fig. 4e.S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 14 

## 3. 3 Cu diffusion barrier performanc e

Fig. 5. Cu diffusion barrier performance based on silicide formation via XRD (a ,b ) and ratio of the photolumi-

nescence response of a passivated Si wa fer before and after annealing at 200°C for 20 h as a function of 

Zn/(In+Zn) ratio and oxygen conten t (c,d ). Dashed lines in (a) represent reflections extracted from literature 

references of fcc -Cu [51] , Si [52] (both green) , In 2O3 [37]  (blue) and Cu 3Si  [53]  (red) .

To simulate accelerated Cu diffusion th rough the different In -Zn -O compositions for silicon solar cell applica-

tions, the In -Zn -O librar y was replicated in a thin ned version (7±1 nm) on a commercial silicon wafer subse-

quently capped with a raster of 5x9 Cu pads (100 nm) at the respective sampling points (see Fig. S3). The 

reduced thickness was chosen to decrease diffusion length of Cu through the IZO layer L and therefore testing 

time t according to  𝐿 = √𝐷𝑡  (D being the diffusion coefficient) . The experimental procedure consisted of an-

nealing steps in inert atmosphere each followed by XRD measurements to monitor copper silicide formation 

representing the criterion for barrier failure , in analogy to earlier reported Cu diffusion barrier test for different 

TCO materials [7 –14] . In order to potentially reduce the annealing temperatures required to observe barrier 

failure and therefore improve the comparability to diffusion processes at operation conditions (max. 80°C), 

longer annealing times (12 h) were chosen compared to most of the test s reported in literature (5 -10 min) [7 –S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 15 

14] . However, the explored annealing temperatures are still above typical processing and operation conditions 

to detect effects in the XRD patterns. In  Fig. 5a, the diffractograms of the subsequent annealing steps of the 

sample with the highest oxygen content and lowest Zn/(In+Zn) ratio are displayed. Even though this compo-

sition showed In 2O3 related reflections for the 15 x thicker sample on glass, only Cu and Si related peaks are 

observable for the as -deposited 7 nm thin IZO film indicating an amorphous structure. The amorphous state 

re tained for all IZO compositions after 12 h annealing at 300°C, except for the most oxygen deficient and Zn -

poor sample. After the following annealing step (additional 12 h at 350°C), approximately half of the IZO thin 

films crystallize in a bixbyite -related stru cture. While the preferential crystallization o f the Zn -poor samples is 

expected as Zn is reported to increase the crystallization temperature [21] , the crystallization of samples with 

lower oxygen content at lower temperatures is surprising. After the subsequent annealing step at 400°C, all 

covered IZO compositions show crystallization. The first Cu 3Si reflections are detected starting from the fol-

lowing annealing step at 450°C for the samples with the highest In - and/or highest oxygen contents. A refer-

ence sample of Cu pads directly deposited on an equivalent Si wafer exhibits Cu 3Si reflections already after 2 h

annealing at 300 °C as well as the co nversion of all Cu as indicated by the vanishing Cu reflections in the 

respective diffractogram ( see Fig. S1 3) as well as the disappearing cuprous color of the Cu pads. This highlights 

the effectiveness of the barrier functionality of the IZO films even at thickness as low as 7±1 nm for the inter-

mediate temperature range. 

Although this testing approach is widely reported for the evaluation of Cu diffusion barrier performance, two 

reasons require the critical review of its informativeness in the specific case of this study. On the one hand, all 

IZO films are crystallized before copper silicides can be detected, which very likely al ters the diffusion mecha-

nism in comparison to the amorphous state in which the IZO films are present during operation and processing. 

In contrast to the amorphous films, the (partially) poly -crystal line films exhibit grain boundaries, which intro-

duce fast diffusion pathways for Cu species. On the other hand, the detection of copper silicides via XRD re-

quires crystals with a size above the detection limit. However, solar cell absorbers and other semiconductors 

are highly sensitive to even small ingress of aliovalent ions which corrupt their carefully tuned transport prop-

erties . More specifically , it has been shown that Cu contamination as low as 6·10 14 cm -3 reduces the minority 

carrier lifetime in silic on by one order of magnitude [54] . To investigate potential Cu ingress into silicon below 

the detection limit of XRD, ToF -SIMS depth profiles were obtained on selected samples by O2+ sputtering. 

Indeed, Fig. S1 4 and Fig. S1 5 reveal that the diffusion profiles broaden significantly even before copper silicides 

are detectable by XRD, indicating potentially earlier barrier failure. Therefore, a complementary Cu diffusion 

barrier performance test is required, which is , on the one hand, more sensitive with respect to Cu concentration 

and, on th e other hand, remains in a temperature range below the onset of crystallization of the IZO films. 

Photoluminescence (PL) imaging is a common technique to map the local effective carrier lifetime of silicon 

wafers [55] and is consequently a promising method to detect Cu ingress [24] . Therefore, a 7±1 nm thin In -Zn -

O library was replicated on a passivated silicon wafer, capped with Cu pads and subjected to annealing at 200°C 

in Ar, a typical curing temperature for metallization of silicon hetero -junction solar cells [23] . PL imaging was 

performed on the passivated Si wafer, after IZO and Cu deposition as well as after 20 h of annealing ( see Fig. 

S1 6). In  Fig. 5c,d , the ratio between the PL signal before and after annealing is displayed as a function of 

Zn/(In+Zn) ratio and oxygen content. While the oxygen -richer and Zn -poor compositions show no reduction S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 16 

in PL signal, a small decay is observed for samples with the lowest oxygen contents as well as higher Zn con-

tents. Contrarily, the respective reference of Cu pads directly deposited on a passivated Si wafer without IZO 

diffusion barrier exhibits a reductio n down to 0.14±0.02 times the original PL intensity after annealing as short 

as 1 h at 200°C. This reduction of the Si PL signal after annealing of the reference Si| Cu sample compared to 

the Si|IZO|Cu library was confirmed by PL spectroscopy on selected li brary positions ( see Fig. S1 7). Therefore, 

the results indicate the applicability of nearly all screened compositions excluding the lowest oxygen contents 

as effective Cu diffusion barriers with thicknesses as thin as 7±1 nm. 

## 3. 4 Co -optimization 

Fig. 6. (a) Visualization of the co -optimization of electrical, optical and structural properties combined with the 

diffusion barrier performance of an In -Zn -O-vO thin film librar y. The arrow indicates the targeted optimization 

direction for TCO materials towards high conductivity and low absorption. Stars indicate the presence of In 2O3

reflections in the XRD pattern of the sample , i.e., partly crystalline samples , while circles represent their absence, 

i.e., X-ray amorphous samples. (b) Figure of merit as calculated from weighted absorptance and sheet re-

sistance  1 (𝐴 weighted 𝑅 s)⁄ [56] choosing a typical thickness of 100 nm as a function of Zn/(In+Zn) ratio and ox-

ygen conten t. The dashed lines enclose the compositional regions of interest as determined for the different 

properties: conductivity (red), absorption coefficient (blue) and Cu diffusion barrier performance (green). 

Fig. 6a combines the functional properties obtained in the previous sections to enable a visual representation 

for co -optimization. For a TCO , a trade -off between high electrical conductivity and low absorption coefficient 

must be established. For the compositional regions with mean absorption coefficients >3∙10 3 cm -1 (i.e. , high 

oxygen deficiency) , a lower mean absorption coefficient i s accompanied by improved electrical conductivity. 

Following the discussion above, this can be probably attributed to the presence of deep trap states of under -

coordinated metal species , reducing mobility as well as increasing absorption. For samples with intermed iate 

and high oxygen content, the absorption coefficient varies to a smaller extent (note the logarithmic scale in 

Fig. 6a), while the conductivity can be tuned between 1∙10 3 S/cm and 2.5 ∙10 3 S/cm. The compositions pos-

sessing the highest conductivities exhibit mean absorption coefficients around 1∙10 3 S/cm and – notably – are S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 17 

located close to the transition from X -ray amorphous to the onset of X -ray -detectable crystallinity , which con-

firms literature reports for In 2O3 [39] and I n-Zn-O [19] . Moreover, the samples with the best TCO properties –

indicated by the color scale in  Fig. 6b with a figure of merit proposed by Morales -Masis et al . [56] – additionally 

show no indication for diffusion barrier failure . Since UV induced degradation has emerged as a major concern 

regarding long -term stability of PV -modules [57] , we additionally performed accelerated UV -stability testing 

on an In -Zn -O library (see Supplementary Note 1) . We find that the compositional region of interest shows no 

significant loss in conductivity or reduction in band gap after intense UV exposure equivalent to approximately 

6 years of outdoor UV exposure [58] (see Fig. S1 8). An increase of sub band gap absorption can be mitigated 

by choosing a Zn/(In+Zn) ratio above the onset of X -ray detectable crystallinity (Zn/(In+Zn) ≥ 0.12). Therefore, 

the co -optimization suggests the application of the IZO films with Zn/(In+Zn) = 0.12 and intermediate O defi-

ciency to be the optimal choice for the application as multifunctional transparent conductive UV -stable Cu 

diffusion barrier for temperat ure sensitive opto -electronic devices. 

# 4. Conclusions 

In this study, we performed a co -optimization of electrical, optical and barrier properties in the In -Zn -O system 

for the application as transparent, electrically conductive Cu diffusion barrier. To accelerate this process, we 

used a 2 -dimensional combinatorial approach to simultaneously screen the cation and oxygen content during 

one TCO deposition process using magnetron sputtering. As verified by XRD, most of the compositions with 

0.1 ≤ Zn/(In+Zn) ≤ 0.43 deposited at room temperature exhibit the targeted (X -ray) amorphous structure ex-

cept for samples with Zn/(In+Zn) ≤ 0.1 -0.13 and high oxygen contents showing gradually more intense In 2O3

bixbyite -related reflections. On the same materials library, the optimum in Zn/(In+Zn) and oxygen content 

maximizing electrical conductivity ( 2.5 ∙10 3 S/cm) was determined. Hall measurements explain the observed 

conductivity trends by reveal ing the approximately linear increase of charge carrier mobility from 1.5 and 

5.9 ∙10 20 cm -3 along with the gradient in oxygen deficiency and the concurrently steep decay in mobility for the 

highest oxygen deficiency from 48 to 13 cm 2/Vs. Moreover, the limit in oxygen deficiency regarding transmit-

tance indicated by the onset of significant absorption of α > 1∙10 4 cm -1 averaged between 380 and 1100 nm 

was deducible. The comprehensive datasets obtained by the 2D screening approach enable correlations to be 

drawn among opto -electronic properties, such as absorption in the visible range and charge carr ier mobility 

or optical gap and charge carrier density , as well as potential correlations with the hydrogen content . Diffusion 

barrier performance tests conducted by extended annealing of Si|IZO|Cu library stacks revealed barrier failures 

indicated by copper silicide formation after the full crystallization of the IZO library, well above operating and 

typical post -TCO processing temperatures at which the 7± 1 nm thin IZO films remain amorphous . An addi-

tional, more sensitive barrier test based on the decay of the photoluminescence signal of a passivated silicon 

wafer indicates no barrier failure for all compositions with sufficient oxygen content – including those with the 

optimal TCO properties – for 20 h at 200°C. Accelerated UV -stability testing suggest s limiting the Zn/(In+Zn) 

ratio to ≥ 0.12 to avoid UV induced sub bandgap absorption leading to a maximum conductivity of 

2. 3∙10 3 S/cm accompanied by an averaged absorption coefficient of 2∙10 3 cm-1 for IZO based Cu diffusion bar-

riers as obtained by deposition without intentional heating or post -annealing. However , t he extended range S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 18 

of compositions , which are suitable for the application in the emerging PV concept of Cu metallization , allows 

for design freedom in fine -tuning the electrical and optical properties for the specific solar cell technology of 

interest. Additionally, the low process temperatures, at which the amorphous IZO films can be deposited, ex-

pand the application field to solar cell technologies with sensitive absorber materials including devices based 

on amorphous silicon and hybrid halide perovskites. 

The study presented additionally showcases the capability of the 2D combinatorial screening approach. Since 

all sampled compositions are deposited simultaneously, unintentional biases due to variations of chamber and 

target states in subsequent depositions , e.g. , base pressure / contaminations, target poisoning or racetrack, 

can be avoided and enhance the reliability of drawn conclusions. Moreover, the presented approach is flexible 

and transferable towards other materials systems. Therefore, this approach might accelerate the development 

of newly emerging TCO material s and the co -optimization process for various multifunctionalities in the future .

Acknowledgments 

S. F. acknowledges funding by the Helmut Fischer und Anni Walther Stiftung. Financial support by the ETH 

ORD program for the development of data management tools is gratefully acknowledged. R.S. and M.K. -C. 

acknowledges funding from the Swiss National Science Foundation (SNSF) (Project No. 226588) . M.B. gratefully 

acknowledges support by SNSF ( Project No. 173720 , 212167 and 221265 ) and the University of Zürich Research 

Priority Program LightChEC . Kerstin Thorwarth is gratefully acknowledged for technical su pport . Nathan Rod-

key is gratefully acknowledged for fruitful discussions. Romain Carron, Ceren Mitmit and Matteo De Marzi are 

gratefully acknowledged for providing access to the PLQY and the Hall effect setup of Lab oratory for Thin Films 

and Photovoltaics at Empa .

Authors' contributions 

S. F.: Conceptualization, Investigation, Formal analysis, Visualization, Writing - Original Draft; R.S.: Investiga-

tion; Writing – Review & Editing ; M.K.-C. : Investigation; Writing – Review & Editing ; A.M .: Investigation , Formal 

analysis; Writing – Review & Editing; M.B.: Investigation, Formal Analysis , Writing – Review & Editing; F.-J.H .: 

Investigation; Writing – Review & Editing ; S.S.: Conceptualization, Supervision, Methodology, Formal analysis, 

Funding acquisition, Writing – Review & Editing 

# 5. Bibliography 

[1] N. M. Haegel et al., Photovoltaics at multi -terawatt scale: Waiting is not an option, Science (80 -. ). 380 ,

39 (2023). 

[2] P. Newman et al., World Silver Survey 2021 (2021). 

[3] B. Hallam, M. Kim, Y. Zhang, L. Wang, A. Lennon, P. Verlinden, P. P. Altermatt, and P. R. Dias, The silver 

learning curve for photovoltaics and projected silver demand for net -zero emissions by 2050, Prog. 

Photovoltaics Res. Appl. 31 , 598 (2023). 

[4] K. Hund, D. La Porta, T. P. Fabregas, T. Laing, and J. Drexhage, Minerals for Climate Action: The Mineral 

Intensity of the Clean Energy Transition (2023). 

[5]  E. R. Weber, Transition metals in silicon, Appl.  Phys. A Solids Surfaces 30 , 1 (1983). S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 19 

[6] S. M. Sze and J. C. Irvin, Resistivity, mobility and impurity levels in GaAs, Ge, and Si at 300°K, Solid. 

State. Electron. 11 , 599 (1968). 

[7] C. M. Liu, W. L. Liu, W. J. Chen, S. H. Hsieh, T. K. Tsai, and L. C. Yang, ITO as a Diffusion Barrier Between 

Si and Cu, J. Electrochem. Soc. 152 , G234 (2005). 

[8] W. L. Liu, W. J. Chen, T. K. Tsai, S. H. Hsieh, and C. M. Liu, Effect of tin -doped indium oxide film 

thickness on the diffusion barrier between silicon and copper, Thin Solid Films 515 , 2387 (2006). 

[9] W. L. Liu, W. J. Chen, T. K. Tsai, S. H. Hsieh, and C. M. Liu, Effect of tin -doped indium oxide film as 

capping layer on the agglomeration of copper film and the appearance of copper silicide, Appl. Surf. 

Sci. 253 , 5516 (2007). 

[10] S. H. Hsieh, C. M. Chien, W. L. Liu, and W. J. Chen, Failure behavior of ITO diffusion barrier between 

electroplating Cu and Si substrate annealed in a low vacuum, Appl. Surf. Sci. 255 , 7357 (2009). 

[11] J. Yu, J. Bian, L. Jiang, Y. Qiu, W. Duan, F. Meng, and Z. Liu, Tungsten -Doped Indium Oxide Thin Film as 

an Effective High -Temperature Copper Diffusion Barrier, ECS Solid State Lett. 3, N15 (2014). 

[12] J. Yu, J. Bian, W. Duan, Y. Liu, J. Shi, F. Meng, and Z. Liu, Tungsten doped indium oxide film: Ready for 

bifacial copper metallization of silicon heterojunction solar cell, Sol. Energy Mater. Sol. Cells 144 , 359 

(2016). 

[13] P. -H. Chen, W. -J. Chen, and J. -Y. Tseng, Thermal Stability of the Copper and the AZO Layer on 

Textured Silicon, Coatings 11 , 1546 (2021). 

[14] K. Chen et al., Tantalum -doped tin oxide films as an effective diffusion barrier for copper metallization 

of silicon heterojunction solar cells, Sol. Energy Mater. Sol. Cells 289 , 113681 (2025). 

[15] D. Gupta, Diffusion Processes in Advanced Technological Materials (Springer Berlin Heidelberg, Berlin, 

Heidelberg, 2005). 

[16] S. -Q. Wang, Barriers Against Copper Diffusion into Silicon and Drift Through Silicon Dioxide, MRS Bull. 

19 , 30 (1994). 

[17] H. Hosono, M. Yasukawa, and H. Kawazoe, Novel oxide amorphous semiconductors: transparent 

conducting amorphous oxides, J. Non. Cryst. Solids 203 , 334 (1996). 

[18] K. Nomura, H. Ohta, A. Takagi, T. Kamiya, M. Hirano, and H. Hosono, Room -temperature fabrication of 

transparent flexible thin -film transistors using amorphous oxide semiconductors, Nature 432 , 488 

(2004). 

[19] M. P. Taylor et al., The electrical, optical and structural properties of In x Zn 1− x O y (0   x  1) thin 

films by combinatorial techniques, Meas. Sci. Technol. 16 , 90 (2005). 

[20] M. P. Taylor et al., The Remarkable Thermal Stability of Amorphous In‐Zn‐O Transparent Conductors, 

Adv. Funct. Mater. 18 , 3169 (2008). 

[21] J. E. Medvedeva, D. B. Buchholz, and R. P. H. Chang, Recent Advances in Understanding the Structure 

and Properties of Amorphous Oxide Semiconductors, Adv. Electron. Mater. 3, 1700082 (2017). 

[22] S. Frick, O. Pshyk, A. Müller, A. Wieczorek, K. Thorwarth, and S. Siol, Accelerating the development of 

oxynitride thin films: A combinatorial investigation of the Al -Si -O-N system, Phys. Rev. Mater. 9,

103803 (2025). 

[23] S. De Wolf, A. Descoeudres, Z. C. Holman, and C. Ballif, High -efficiency Silicon Heterojunction Solar 

Cells: A Review, 2, 7 (2012). 

[24] R. Sakakibara, A. Lachowicz, J. Hurni, C. Allebé, B. Paviet -Salomon, F. -J. Haug, C. Baliff, A. Hessler -

Wyser, and A. Morisset, Investigating Interfacial Phenomena in Copper -Covered n -Type Polysilicon -

Based Contacts by Electron Microscopy , in Proceedings of the 41st European Photovoltaic Solar Energy 

Conference and Exhibition (Vienna, Austria, 2024), pp. 020049 –001 – 020049 –007. 

[25] M. Döbeli, C. Kottler, F. Glaus, and M. Suter, ERDA at the low energy limit, Nucl. Instruments Methods 

Phys. Res. Sect. B Beam Interact. with Mater. Atoms 241 , 428 (2005). S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 20 

[26] M. Mayer, SIMNRA User’s Guide, 1997. 

[27] K. Arstila et al., Potku – New analysis software for heavy ion elastic recoil detection analysis, Nucl. 

Instruments Methods Phys. Res. Sect. B Beam Interact. with Mater. Atoms 331 , 34 (2014). 

[28] K. Thorwarth, M. Watroba, O. Pshyk, S. Zhuk, J. Patidar, J. Schwiedrzik, J. Sommerhäuser, L. 

Sommerhäuser, and S. Siol, Reducing the oxygen contamination in conductive (Ti,Zr)N coatings via 

RF -bias assisted reactive sputtering, Surf. Coatings Technol. 512 , 132326 (2025). 

[29] A. Wieczorek, A. G. Kuba, J. Sommerhäuser, L. N. Caceres, C. M. Wolff, and S. Siol, Advancing high -

throughput combinatorial aging studies of hybrid perovskite thin films via precise automated 

characterization methods and machine learning assisted analysis, J. Mater. Chem. A 12 , 7025 (2024). 

[30] R. Khanal, D. B. Buchholz, R. P. H. Chang, and J. E. Medvedeva, Composition -dependent structural and 

transport properties of amorphous transparent conducting oxides, Phys. Rev. B 91 , 205203 (2015). 

[31] J. E. Medvedeva, I. A. Zhuravlev, C. Burris, D. B. Buchholz, M. Grayson, and R. P. H. Chang, Origin of 

high carrier concentration in amorphous wide -bandgap oxides: Role of disorder in defect formation 

and electron localization in In2O3−x, J. Appl. Phys. 127 , 175701 (2020). 

[32] C. D. Wagner, D. A. Zatko, and R. H. Raymond, Use of the oxygen KLL Auger lines in identification of 

surface chemical states by electron spectroscopy for chemical analysis, Anal. Chem. 52 , 1445 (1980). 

[33] K. A. Creutz and A. Klein, Controlling the Oxygen Content in Sn -Doped In2O3 Thin Films by Partially 

Reactive Co -Sputtering, Phys. Status Solidi – Rapid Res. Lett. 19 , 2400423 (2025). 

[34] T. Koida, H. Shibata, M. Kondo, K. Tsutsumi, A. Sakaguchi, M. Suzuki, and H. Fujiwara, Correlation 

between oxygen stoichiometry, structure, and opto -electrical properties in amorphous In2O3:H films, 

J. Appl. Phys. 111 , 63721 (2012). 

[35] J. E. Medvedeva, K. Sharma, B. Bhattarai, and M. I. Bertoni, Hydrogen Behavior at 

Crystalline/Amorphous Interface of Transparent Oxide Semiconductor and Its Effects on Carrier 

Transport and Crystallization, ACS Appl. Mater. Interfaces 14 , 39535 (2022). 

[36] J. E. Medvedeva, E. Caputa -Hatley, and I. Zhuravlev, Metallic networks and hydrogen compensation in 

highly nonstoichiometric amorphous ${ \mathrm{In}}_{2}{ \mathrm{O}}_{3 \ensuremath{ -}x}$, Phys. Rev. 

Mater. 6, 25601 (2022). 

[37] M. Marezio, Refinement of the crystal structure of In2O3 at two wavelengths, Acta Crystallogr. 20 , 723 

(1966). 

[38] T. Moriga, T. Okamoto, K. Hiruta, A. Fujiwara, I. Nakabayashi, and K. Tominaga, Structures and Physical 

Properties of Films Deposited by Simultaneous DC Sputtering of ZnO and In2O3 or ITO Targets, J. 

Solid State Chem. 155 , 312 (2000). 

[39] D. B. Buchholz, Q. Ma, D. Alducin, A. Ponce, M. Jose -Yacaman, R. Khanal, J. E. Medvedeva, and R. P. H. 

Chang, The Structure and Properties of Amorphous Indium Oxide, Chem. Mater. 26 , 5401 (2014). 

[40] R. D. Shannon, Revised effective ionic radii and systematic studies of interatomic distances in halides 

and chalcogenides, Acta Crystallogr. Sect. A 32 , 751 (1976). 

[41] M. Jankousky, D. Pashov, J. H. Mazo, R. E. Larsen, V. Dobrosavljević, M. van Schilfgaarde, and V. 

Stevanović, Effective bands and band -like electron transport in amorphous solids, Nat. Phys. 22 , 88 

(2026). 

[42] P. D. C. King et al., Shallow donor state of hydrogen in ${ \text{In}}_{2}{ \text{O}}_{3}$ and 

${ \text{SnO}}_{2}$: Implications for conductivity in transparent conducting oxides, Phys. Rev. B 80 ,

81201 (2009). 

[43] S. Limpijumnong, P. Reunchan, A. Janotti, and C. G. Van de Walle, Hydrogen doping in indium oxide: 

An ab initio study, Phys. Rev. B 80 , 193202 (2009). 

[44] A. Bikowski, A. Holder, H. Peng, S. Siol, A. Norman, S. Lany, and A. Zakutayev, Synthesis and 

Characterization of (Sn,Zn)O Alloys, Chem. Mater. 28 , 7765 (2016). S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 21 

[45] J. Tauc, R. Grigorovici, and A. Vancu, Optical Properties and Electronic Structure of Amorphous 

Germanium, Phys. Status Solidi 15 , 627 (1966). 

[46] A. J. Leenheer, J. D. Perkins, M. F. A. M. van Hest, J. J. Berry, R. P. O’Hayre, and D. S. Ginley, General 

mobility and carrier concentration relationship in transparent amorphous indium zinc oxide films, 

Phys. Rev. B 77 , 115215 (2008). 

[47] M. Morales -Masis, S. Martin De Nicolas, J. Holovsky, S. De Wolf, and C. Ballif, Low -Temperature High -

Mobility Amorphous IZO for Silicon Heterojunction Solar Cells, IEEE J. Photovoltaics 5, 1340 (2015). 

[48] S. K. Suram, P. F. Newhouse, and J. M. Gregoire, High Throughput Light Absorber Discovery, Part 1: An 

Algorithm for Automated Tauc Analysis, ACS Comb. Sci. 18 , 673 (2016). 

[49] E. Burstein, Anomalous Optical Absorption Limit in InSb, Phys. Rev. 93 , 632 (1954). 

[50] T. S. Moss, The Interpretation of the Properties of Indium Antimonide, Proc. Phys. Soc. Sect. B 67 , 775 

(1954). 

[51] H. M. Otte, Lattice Parameter Determinations with an X‐Ray Spectrogoniometer by the Debye‐ 

Scherrer Method and the Effect of Specimen Condition, J. Appl. Phys. 32 , 1536 (1961). 

[52] B. N. Dutta, Lattice constants and thermal expansion of silicon up to 900°C, Phys. Status Solidi 2, 984 

(1962). 

[53] E. Dodony, G. Z. Radnóczi, and I. Dódony, Low temperature formation of copper rich silicides, 

Intermetallics 107 , 108 (2019). 

[54] K. Stewart, A. Cuevas, D. Macdonald, and J. Williams, Influence of copper on the carrier lifetime of n -

type and p -type silicon, (2001). 

[55] T. Trupke, R. A. Bardos, M. C. Schubert, and W. Warta, Photoluminescence imaging of silicon wafers, 

Appl. Phys. Lett. 89 , 44107 (2006). 

[56] M. Morales‐Masis, S. De Wolf, R. Woods‐Robinson, J. W. Ager, and C. Ballif, Transparent Electrodes for 

Efficient Optoelectronics, Adv. Electron. Mater. 3, (2017). 

[57] A. Sinha, J. Qian, S. L. Moffitt, K. Hurst, K. Terwilliger, D. C. Miller, L. T. Schelhas, and P. Hacke, UV -

induced degradation of high -efficiency silicon PV modules with different cell architectures, Prog. 

Photovoltaics Res. Appl. 31 , 36 (2023). 

[58] F. T. Thome, P. Meßmer, S. Mack, E. Schnabel, F. Schindler, W. Kwapil, and M. C. Schubert, UV -Induced 

Degradation of Industrial PERC, TOPCon, and HJT Solar Cells: The Next Big Reliability Challenge?, Sol. 

RRL 8, 2400628 (2024). S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 22 

# 6. Figures 

Fig. 1. Approach to obtain cation and oxygen content gradients on one combinatorial library: (a) Sketch of the 

sputter configuration, ( b) Zn/(In+Zn) spread calibrated by RBS measurements, (c) surface oxygen composition 

after a UHV transfer between deposition chamber and XPS as a function of the position on the 50.8 mm x 50.8 

mm library and (d) the covered 2D area in composition space .S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 23 

Fig. 2. Structural screening of the In -Zn -O-vO thin film library samples based on X -ray diffraction . The 

Zn/(In+Zn) ratio is indicated as a color code. The oxygen content of the samples increases from the lowest (a) 

over intermediate (b) to the highest (c). A reference diffraction pattern from the ICSD database of bixbyite In 2O3

is shown in grey [37] .S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 24 

Fig. 3. Electrical property screening for the In -Zn -O-vO thin film librar y displayed in  Fig. 2 based on 

4-point -probe measurements for conductivity (a,b) and Hall -effect measurements for charge carrier 

density n and mobility μ (c -e). The dashed red region in (a) indicates the compositional regions with 

conductivities above 2∙10 3 S/cm .S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 25 

Fig. 4. Optical property screening for In -Zn -O-vO thin film libraries : (a) Visual appearance of the li-

brary presented in  Fig. 2. UV -vis transmission and reflection spectra of the 45 library samples with 

color codes based on (b) the oxygen content and (c) the Zn/(In+Zn) ratio. The transmission spectrum 

of the glass substrate is shown in grey. (d) Absorption coefficient averaged between 380 nm and 

1100 nm and (e) optical band gap determined by Tauc analysis with an exponent of x = 2 as a func-

tion of Zn/(In+Zn) ratio and oxygen content . The blue dashed region in (d) indicates compositions 

with averaged absorption coefficients below 5∙10 3 cm -1.S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 26 

Fig. 5. Cu diffusion barrier performance based on silicide formation via XRD (a ,b ) and ratio of the photolumi-

nescence response of a passivated Si wa fer before and after annealing at 200°C for 20 h as a function of 

Zn/(In+Zn) ratio and oxygen conten t (c,d ). Dashed lines in (a) represent reflections extracted from literature 

references of fcc -Cu [51] , Si [52] (both green) , In 2O3 [37]  (blue) and Cu 3Si  [53]  (red) .S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 27 

Fig. 6. (a) Visualization of the co -optimization of electrical, optical and structural properties combined with the 

diffusion barrier performance of an In -Zn -O-vO thin film librar y. The arrow indicates the targeted optimization 

direction for TCO materials towards high conductivity and low absorption. Stars indicate the presence of In 2O3

reflections in the XRD pattern of the sample, i.e., partly crystalline samples, while circles represent their absence, 

i.e., X -ray amorphous samples. (b) Figure of merit as calculated from weighted absorptance and sheet re-

sistance  1 (𝐴 weighted 𝑅 s)⁄ [56] choosing a typical thickness of 100 nm as a function of Zn/(In+Zn) ratio and ox-

ygen conten t. The dashed lines enclose the compositional regions of interest as determined for the different 

properties: conductivity (red), absorption coefficient (blue) and Cu diffusion barrier performance (green). S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 1

# Supplementary information 

# to 

# Accelerated development of amorphous InZnO thin films as 

# transparent conductive Cu diffusion barriers 

Stefanie Frick 1, Reyu Sakakibara 2, Manuel Kober -Czerny 1, Arnold Müller 3, Miloš Baljozović 1,4 , Franz -Josef 

Haug 2, Sebastian Siol 1*  

> 1

Empa, Swiss Federal Laboratories for Materials Science and Technology, Dübendorf, Switzerland  

> 2

Institute of Microengineering (IMT), Photovoltaics and Thin -Film Electronics Laboratory,  É cole Polytechnique F é dé rale 

de Lausanne (EPFL), Neuch â tel, Switzerland  

> 3

Laboratory of Ion Beam Physics, ETH Zurich, Zürich, Switzerland  

> 4

Department of Chemistry, Marburg University, Marburg, Germany 

* Corresponding author: 

Sebastian Siol,  Sebastian.Siol@empa.ch S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 2

# 2. Materials and methods 

## 2.1 Thin film deposition 

Figure S1: Deposition scheme for passivation procedure of a n -type silicon wafer for Cu diffusion 

barrier testing based on Si photoluminescence. 

## 2. 2. Characterization 

Table S1: XPS measurement parameters for an air -exposed library and a UHV -transferred library. 

Air exposed  UHV transfer 

Beam Power/Voltage  32 W/ 15 kV 

Pass energy  55 eV 

Step size core level, valence band  0.1 eV  0.05 eV 

Step size Auger lines  0.01 eV 

Pressure  < 5·10 -9 Torr S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 3

## 2. 3. Cu diffusion barrier testing 

Figure S2: Procedures for Cu diffusion barrier testing based on monitoring (a) copper silicide for-

mation via XRD and (b) decay of photoluminescence response of a passivated silicon wafer. S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 4

# 3. Results and discussion 

## 3.1 Approach for orthogonal cation and oxygen gradients 

Figure S3: Influence of the O 2 gas flow on (a) transparency and (b -c) electrical conductivity of In -Zn -

O-vO libraries: (a) Photograph of libraries deposited with 0, 0.38 and 0.45 sccm O 2 (from left to right );

(b -d) respective achieved electrical conductivity as a function of Zn/(In+Zn) ratio and library y di-

mension as a proxy for the oxygen content. S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 5

Figure S4: Calibration of Zn/(In+Zn) ratio obtained by (a) XRF ( b) and XPS (air exposed) with RBS 

measurements. 

Figure S5: Oxygen concentrations as determined from ERDA, RBS and XPS after air -exposure as a 

function of (a) Zn/(In+Zn) content and (b) the library position. For the calculation of the ERDA results, 

the In/Zn ratio from RBS was used. The outliers in oxygen content for low Zn/(In+Zn) ratios deter-

mined by ERDA might be related to the narrow dimensions of the respective library strip, so that the 

beam hit its edge. Consequently, the oxygen measurement was influenced by a parasitic signal orig-

inating from the underlaying substrate. For XPS, two values are presented: O tot includes all oxygen 

components on the surface, while O film considers only the fitted metal oxide species. Variation of (c)S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 6

the ratio of the area of the high binding energy O 1s component relative to the total O 1s area of an 

air -exposed library in XPS and ( d) hydrogen content as determined from ERDA as a function of the 

position on the library. Considering the estimated error of the ERDA and RBS results and applying 

Gaussian error propagation, the relative error for the H/(In+Zn+O+H) ratios amounts to ~10%. The 

UHV transferred sample presented in the main text in Fig. 2 differs from the one investigated with 

RBS/ERDA. S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 7

Figure S6: Typical XPS high -resolution spectra after air exposure: (a) In 3d, (b) In MNN, (c) Zn 2p 3/2 ,

(d) Zn LMM, (e) O 1 and (f) valence band with Shirley backgrounds . The O 1s spectrum clearly exhibits 

two species: The metal oxide peak at lower binding energies and an adsorbate peak. The metal oxide 

peak was fitted with an asymmetric peak shape (GL(40)T(2.1) in the CasaXPS software), while a sym-

metric line shape (GL(40)) was employed for the adsorbates. The asymmetric line shape was chosen 

based on the O 1s line shape after gentle sputtering as well as after a UHV transfer (c.f.  Figure S7). 

The fit was constrain ed to the same FWHM to avoid varying widths among fits for different samples. 

Without this constraint, the absolute values of the relative areas vary, but the general trends in the 

adsorbate to metal oxide ratio and the O film /(In+Zn+O film ) remain similar. S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 8

Figure S7: Typical XPS high -resolution spectra after UHV transfer (max. pressure 8·10 -8 mbar) : (a) 

In 3d, (b) In MNN, (c) Zn 2p 3/2 , (d) Zn LMM, (e) O 1 and (f) valence band with Shirley backgrounds .

The O 1s does not exhibit a pronounced second component but shows – as the In 3d and the Zn 2p 3/2 

core levels – an asymmetry towards higher binding energies as expected for samples with many free 

charge carriers. S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 9

## 3.2 Optical, electrical and structural characterization 

Figure S 8: Absorption coefficient as determined from UV -vis spectrophotometry as a function of 

photon energy. The color codes represent (a) a proxy of the oxygen content and (b) the Zn/(In+Zn) 

ratio. 

Figure S9: Absorption properties of a n In -Zn -O-vO thin film librar y as a function of the Zn/(In+Zn) 

ratio with the oxygen content as a color code : (a) Absorption coefficient obtained from UV -vis map-

ping averaged between 380 and 1100 nm and (b) absorptance calculated from the absorption coef-

ficients and a thickness of 100 nm, weighted by the AM1.5G spectrum and averaged between 380 

and 1100 nm .S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 10 

Figure S 10 : Correlation between electrical and optical properties: (a) A bsorption coefficient below 

the band gap (at 2.5 eV) against the charge carrier mobility and (b-e) differently determined optical 

band gaps against the charge carrier concentration to the power of 2/3. S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 11 

Figure S11 : Tauc plots for the assumption of a direct band gap (a -c) and an indirect band gap sem-

iconductor (d -f) with determined onset for exemplary compositions. S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 12 

Figure S12 : Optical b and gaps of an In -Zn -O-vO thin film library determined by different methods 

as a function of the Zn/(In+Zn) ratio and the oxygen content: (a -c) direct and (d -f) indirect band gap 

based on Tauc Analysis using the code from Suram, Newhouse & Gregoire [1] , (g -i) m aximum in 

second derivative of the absorption coefficient and (j -l) onset of the derivativ e of the absorption 

coefficient against the photon energy using a threshold value of 10 5 cm -1eV -1 (Comparable trends 

but varying absolute values are obtained by varying the threshold value (e.g. to 5 ∙10 4 cm -1eV -1)), .S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 13 

## 3. 3 Cu diffusion barrier performance 

Figure S13 : XRD pattern of a stack of Cu pads deposited at room temperature on a silicon wafer as 

deposited and after 2 h annealing at 300°C in Ar atmosphere. Dashed lines represent reflections 

extracted from literature references of fcc -Cu [2] , Si [3] and Cu 3Si [4] .S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 14 

Figure S14 : ToF -SIMS depth profiles performed with O2+ sputtering on a sample before annealing 

(a) and selected library samples after the annealing step of 450°C: Two samples with intermediate 

oxygen content and maximal (b) and minimal (c) screened Zn/(In+Zn) ratio, which both do not show 

Cu silicide formation in XRD; as well as a sample with high oxygen content and low Zn/(In+Zn) ratio, 

which exhibits copper silicide reflections in XRD (d) . The discontinuity visible in all signals in (c) at 

around 300 s sputter time is related to a change in the L MIG current .S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 15 

Figure S15 : Ratio between Cu and Si signals extracted from the ToF -SIMS sputter depth profiles 

displayed in  Figure S14 . Cu silicides are detected exclusively in the sample with 0.10 Zn/( In+Zn) and 

high O contents. S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 16 

Figure S16 : PL imaging on passivated Si wafers with (a,c,e) and without (b,d,f) the IZO library acting 

as a diffusion barrier for subsequently deposited copper pads: (a,b) Si wafers with poly -Si(n) |SiO x

passivating contact stacks before IZO or Cu deposition , (c ) after IZO and Cu deposition (Cu|IZO|Si) ,

(d) respectively after Cu deposition (Cu|Si) and after annealing at 200°C in an Ar -filled glovebox for 

(e) 20 h (Cu|IZO|Si) , (f) respectively for 1 h (Cu|Si) . The color scales of all subfigures are unified. To 

assess the decay in PL after the different processing steps, the signal of circular areas with radius of 

1 mm were integrated at the respective library positions after applying an edge detection algorithm. S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 17 

Figure S17 : PL spectroscopy of the Si PL region at selected compositions of the Cu|IZO|Si library (a -

c) after 20 h annealing at 200°C and the Cu|Si reference (d) after 1 h annealing at 200°C. The signifi-

cantly lower PL intensity of the sample with highest oxygen content in (c) is related to the reduced 

PL signal in this corner of the passivated Si wafer due to the imprinted wafer ID. 

## 3. 4 UV stability 

Supplementary Note 1: 

The accelerated UV stability testing was performed by irradiation of an In -Zn -O-vO library by a UCUBE -10 -305 

UV source from UWAVE (305 nm, ~40 mW/cm 2) with a distance of 35 mm in air for 11 days. The respective UV 

dose (~105 kWh/ m2) is estimated to an equivalent of 6 years of outdoor UV exposure following Ref. [5] . The 

UV aging was performed on an In -Zn -O-vO library on an EXG glass substrate deposited with a slightly higher 

oxygen gas flow than the those used for the Cu diffusion barrier testing. Therefore, the conductivity maximum 

is shifted slightly off the central row of the library, so that the regions of interest are shifted accordingly in 

Figure S18 .S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 18 

Figure S18 : UV stability testing on a n In -Zn -O-vO thin film library : Change in (a) sheet resistance , (b) 

sub -band gap absorption coefficient (at 2.5 eV), and (c) indirect optical gap by Tauc analysis after an 

equivalent dose of 6 years of outdoor UV exposur e. The grey region indicates the presence of bixby-

ite reflections in XRD scans, which did not alter significantly after UV exposure. The red dashed lines 

indicate the compositional region with conductivities above 2 ∙10 3 S/ cm and blue dashed lines regions 

with averaged absorption coefficients below 5∙10 3 cm -1.S. Frick et al., Empa 2026 19 

# 5. Bibliography 

[1] S. K. Suram, P. F. Newhouse, and J. M. Gregoire, High Throughput Light Absorber Discovery, Part 1: An 

Algorithm for Automated Tauc Analysis, ACS Comb. Sci. 18 , 673 (2016). 

[2] H. M. Otte, Lattice Parameter Determinations with an X‐Ray Spectrogoniometer by the Debye‐Scherrer 

Method and the Effect of Specimen Condition, J. Appl. Phys. 32 , 1536 (1961). 

[3] B. N. Dutta, Lattice constants and thermal expansion of silicon up to 900°C, Phys. Status Solidi 2, 984 

(1962). 

[4] E. Dodony, G. Z. Radnóczi, and I. Dódony, Low temperature formation of copper rich silicides, 

Intermetallics 107 , 108 (2019). 

[5] F. T. Thome, P. Meßmer, S. Mack, E. Schnabel, F. Schindler, W. Kwapil, and M. C. Schubert, UV -Induced 

Degradation of Industrial PERC, TOPCon, and HJT Solar Cells: The Next Big Reliability Challenge?, Sol. 

RRL 8, 2400628 (2024).